Hyprland on NixOS: add section detailing how to fix problems with themes not working (#371)
hyprwm/hyprland-wiki: pages/Nix/Hyprland on Home Manager.md

For examples on how to build hyprland plugins using nix see the
[official plugins](https://github.com/hyprwm/hyprland-plugins).

## Fixing problems with themes

> If your themes for mouse cursor, icons or windows don't load correctly, try setting them with `home-manager`. `home-manager` enables a bunch of compatibility options that should make the themes load in all situations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your themes for mouse cursor, icons or windows don't load correctly, try setting them with `home.pointerCursor` and `gtk.theme`, which enable a bunch of compatibility options that should make the themes load in all situations.
```

Reviewer: You marked this as resolved but didn't apply the suggestion.

Author: Sorry, i've commited your suggestion now. (a47cd03)

Please tell me if the other changes are ok or should be removed
